Add prepare callback usage to createSlice.md (#231)
reduxjs/redux-starter-kit: docs/api/createSlice.md

> Each function defined in the `reducers` argument will have a corresponding action creator generated using [`createAction`](./createAction.md)

Reviewer: Looks like the formatting check failed.  Please run the changes through Prettier.

and included in the result's `actions` field using the same function name.

> If you need to customize the creation of the payload value of an action creator by means of a [`prepare callback`](https://redux-starter-kit.js.org/api/createaction#using-prepare-callbacks-to-customize-action-contents), the value of the appropriate field of the `reducers` argument object should be an object instead of a function. This object must contain two properties: reducer and prepare. The value of the reducer field should be the case reducer function while the value of the prepare field should be the prepare callback function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to customize the creation of the payload value of an action creator by means of a [`prepare callback`](./createAction.md#using-prepare-callbacks-to-customize-action-contents), the value of the appropriate field of the `reducers` argument object should be an object instead of a function. This object must contain two properties: reducer and prepare. The value of the reducer field should be the case reducer function while the value of the prepare field should be the prepare callback function.
```
